okay hello guys i'm doing a turtle beach
x 31 verses of the tritton ax 720 video
so let's get to it I'm going to start
off with the turtle beach headset it's
fine about the physical features on the
headset piece and then compare it to the
treatment so this headset is wireless it
is powered by two triple a batteries on
a removable slap I suggest rechargeables
because it sucks up the batteries it was
vertically rotate about your phones
though not very nice it has extendable
your size just like any other headset
should there's a very flexible Mike that
picks up very well so it's good because
you can have it very far away from your
face and your friends will be able to
hear you you can exchange the ear pads
for others but they're hard to remove
and they have 30 millimeter ear cups
will include just a stereo boost but the
drivers included with this are not just
that though the base piece which
increases the sounds of footsteps and
others and they have a store span der
say I have an ACR man out of silence and
I'm shooting it normally it would be
really not right well it loves that
sound a lot and increases the sound of
other people around me on the enemy team
and such it's a very nice feature it
also has a worst way the future so if
the blood volume goes up a ton and
normally you wouldn't be able to hear
your teammates this one rises up with
the game volume like a wave so you can
always hear your teammates over the game
it has a feature select button here and
I'm doing volume increase or lower
button here it has a power button that
you rode on for about a second to turn
off and you just click it once to turn
it on it has a in Game two xbox 360
check google and i still score the
overall you have with you it comes with
the meth at the end of this which you
can replace is lost very easy the
headset is full leather and very
flexible and I don't expect it'll break
the warranty is a year to two years
based on where you got it let me we
tailor and such okay
tritton ax 720 has leather your pads and
a leather headrest you can exchange the
headrest and the ear pads for others the
head rest is smaller than I like but
very comfortable the headset doesn't
squeeze in on your head it stayed mostly
uniform and just lines up and covers
your whole year I got an invite for my
friend in town sweat on the xbox so I'm
past look at it okay it has adjustable
of your links just like it should and
just how the others but a feature I
really enjoy is when i'm getting tired
of wearing it on my ears you can rotate
the cups to lean on your shoulders and
be comfortable that does not work with
the turtle beach these your frontal
millimeter drivers it has a removable
like these you just twist of the 90
degrees and pull it off then you can
easily put it back on and it's very easy
to install and very cheap to exchange so
with the turtle beaches that are powered
by piggyback left and right cables this
is powered by optical cables and a
pre-installed original and pro logic two
drivers go to beach the dds add-on for
another hundred dollars is very
expensive and you can be better off just
getting a different headset in general
okay not under the transmitter in dakota
box the transmitter is wireless hook up
to a piggyback came by plugging nadir TV
there's a master volume switch on the
back of your transmitter there's powered
by USB port into any place so you can
brothers in your xbox I'll just keep it
powered let's heard of which the court
max has a channel switch through pro
logic to andover digital to stereo used
to music and two movies it's very good
feature the plug-in for the headset is
very very different though support not
many people have a very rare looking
port I have no idea what it's called the
box is very slim in design it has a
great stance you can stand it up here
like this such and such it just slips in
and it's
very good looking so on the back it's
powered by optical cable and a ps3 or
printer cable the optical cables for
sound the printer cable is for power the
power button is just cookin and it's
rotating click it's very comfortable and
I don't think it'll break anytime soon
now it's getting to the end line cables
so the inline cable for the tradin x 720
has given voice volume Mike notes a cat
so your night doesn't pick up your voice
and an in-game chat line for Xbox 360
controller so you can talk to your
teammates the tournament cable has a mic
universe phone because the deal volume
massive arms on the transmitter and the
actually in volumes on the headset which
can be annoying at first when we get
used to it you find this has advantages
of its own ok now the Tritton also has
an hdmi hookup if you want to get hdmi
to play for your turtle beach you have
to get a special cable for it which is
another fifteen dollars also frightened
is coming the preset optical cable at
our tables for xbox or ps3 and HDMI try
this climate with exchangeable ear pads
but you have to buy it ear pads for your
tuna which is online store for about
five dollars the Tritons have an easel
set use your guide which is very handy
but return vigils have a pamphlet which
is much lighter thinner and more
enjoyable this looks better so the box
the total beach box is really smile and
it makes the heads that look weak I
prefer the Triton box hit mix the heads
that look strong and powerful and very
very nice so the new your garden setup
is very clean but the trick does come
with a lot of wires that are hard to set
up if you don't know what you're doing I
suggest that Triton's if you want to use
them for computer because the previous
version
do vaginal region comes with a splitter
so you can use on computer the trigger
bitch gets to buy a 2.5 to 3.5 you care
about adapter it is very expensive that
is my turtle beach to trade in
comparison about halfway done I'm just
kidding that was a joke comfort on this
I can play this up to five hours but one
of my ears usually gets tired and I take
it off for about five minutes and then
I'm good joy division's I can just play
out with them forever and totally not
even realize are there the camarillo is
really distracting on the tradin because
you can trip over it and get it
unplugged the turtle beach is wireless
feature makes it a very big comfort
object but the rotating cups makes it
even more comfortable for the Triton
overall i would suggest the turtle beach
in comfort and wireless ability I
suggest little de trop my gosh I mix
that up to the beach for wireless
comfort and durability Triton from Rome
team over at this product years and
reliability that is my trident x 720
review and the turtle beach x 31 review
comparison not separate range comparison
this comment rate and subscribe and like
the video hope you enjoyed it thank you
very much don't hit on my swag